readme.md, before:

![Logo](theme-extension/images/icon128.png)

# Chrome DevTools Theme: Pure Void

Simple Chrome DevTools theme with a black background.

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation

- Navigate to `chrome://flags`, find **Developer Tools Experiments** and toggle to **Enabled**.
- Reload Chrome.
- In DevTools, click the three dots menu, go to **Settings -> Experiments** and select **Allow UI Themes**.
- Set theme to **Dark Mode** (this is important, or the theme won't look right).
  To set theme to **Dark Mode**, go to **Preferences**(In DevTools settings itself) **-> Appearance -> Theme** and select **Dark**.
- Load a new tab and enjoy your awesome new DevTools theme!

## Notice

- This project is based on [new-moon-chrome-devtools](https://github.com/taniarascia/new-moon-chrome-devtools) which is based on [chrome-devtools-zerodarkmatrix-theme](https://github.com/mauricecruz/chrome-devtools-zerodarkmatrix-theme). Thank you!

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added license to readme
Signed-off-by: Jaid <jaid.jsx@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

![Logo](theme-extension/images/icon128.png)

# Chrome DevTools Theme: Pure Void

Simple Chrome DevTools theme with a black background.

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation

- Navigate to `chrome://flags`, find **Developer Tools Experiments** and toggle to **Enabled**.
- Reload Chrome.
- In DevTools, click the three dots menu, go to **Settings -> Experiments** and select **Allow UI Themes**.
- Set theme to **Dark Mode** (this is important, or the theme won't look right).
  To set theme to **Dark Mode**, go to **Preferences**(In DevTools settings itself) **-> Appearance -> Theme** and select **Dark**.
- Load a new tab and enjoy your awesome new DevTools theme!

## Notice

- This project is based on [new-moon-chrome-devtools](https://github.com/taniarascia/new-moon-chrome-devtools) which is based on [chrome-devtools-zerodarkmatrix-theme](https://github.com/mauricecruz/chrome-devtools-zerodarkmatrix-theme). Thank you!

## License
```text
MIT License

Copyright © 2019, Jaid <jaid.jsx@gmail.com> (github.com/jaid)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
